Add: host_build_graph copy of the qwen3_14b_decode example (#1666)
ChaoWao/simpler: examples/a2a3/host_build_graph/qwen3_14b_decode/README.md

# `qwen3_14b_decode/` — Qwen3-14B 40-layer decode (CANN fused attention), host_build_graph

> Self-contained SceneTestCase port of pypto-lib
> `models/qwen3/14b/decode_fwd.py` entry `decode_fwd_layers` with
> `_CHUNK_NLAYERS == 40`: **the whole Qwen3-14B decode stack as one fused
> dispatch** (hidden → hidden, no LM head), with the FP32 inter-layer residual
> carry. A simpler developer builds and runs it directly — no descent through
> pypto-lib / the JIT, no auto-built intermediate artifacts.

Reviewer: This README is inherited from the `tensormap_and_ringbuffer` version, but the hbg directory ships only this test file and README — the kernels are shared via `QWEN_KERNELS`, not local. "Self-contained" and the local `kernels/` framing are misleading here.

```suggestion
`host_build_graph` SceneTestCase port of pypto-lib
`models/qwen3/14b/decode_fwd.py` entry `decode_fwd_layers` with
`_CHUNK_NLAYERS == 40`: **the whole Qwen3-14B decode stack as one fused
dispatch** (hidden → hidden, no LM head), with the FP32 inter-layer residual
carry. A simpler developer builds and runs it directly — no descent through
pypto-lib / the JIT, no auto-built intermediate artifacts.

This directory holds only this test file and README. All C++ — the generated
orchestration, the 18 AIC / 16 AIV incores and the vendored CANN attention
extern — is **shared** with the `tensormap_and_ringbuffer` example via
`QWEN_KERNELS` (`../../tensormap_and_ringbuffer/qwen3_14b_decode/kernels`)
rather than copied, keeping the two runtimes' compute bit-for-bit comparable
and the vendored `FusedInferAttentionScore` tree in the repo exactly once.
Every `kernels/…` path below therefore refers to that shared tree in the
`tensormap_and_ringbuffer` example, not to files in this directory.
```

`tikcpp/…`), declared per-incore via `extra_include_dirs` in the `CALLABLE`.
`$ASCEND_HOME_PATH` keeps them machine-independent; paths a given CANN layout
does not ship are dropped rather than failing the build.

They also depend on simpler linking incore objects before extracting `.text`
([#1497](https://github.com/hw-native-sys/simpler/pull/1497)): AscendC declares
`g_vecTPipePtr` / `g_kfcClient` as block-local globals, whose relocations no
amount of inlining removes.

### To regenerate

From a simpler worktree with pypto + pypto-lib cloned under `build/` (see the
[`multi-repo-setup`](../../../../.claude/skills/multi-repo-setup/SKILL.md)
skill) and `eval "$(pypto-setup --export)"`:

```python
# PTO2_MANUAL_MAX_SEQ must be set before importing decode_fwd (read at import).
os.environ["PTO2_MANUAL_MAX_SEQ"] = "5500"
D = <import build/pypto-lib/models/qwen3/14b/decode_fwd.py by path>
D._CHUNK_NLAYERS = 40          # read at trace time; rebind before the first call
D.decode_fwd_layers(*inputs, out, config=RunConfig(
    platform="a2a3", codegen_only=True, save_kernels=True, save_kernels_dir=OUT))
```

> `codegen_only` needs no device. Then copy `OUT/orchestration/`, `OUT/kernels/`
> and `models/qwen3/14b/kernels/paged_attention_cce/` into `kernels/vendor/` here, and

Reviewer: `here` points at this directory, but the shared kernels physically live in the `tensormap_and_ringbuffer` example. Point the copy target there so a refresh updates the one shared tree both runtimes consume.

```suggestion
`codegen_only` needs no device. Then copy `OUT/orchestration/`, `OUT/kernels/`
and `models/qwen3/14b/kernels/paged_attention_cce/` into the shared `kernels/`
tree in the `tensormap_and_ringbuffer` example (both runtimes consume it), and
```
